doc: suggest worker threads in cluster docs (#41616)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cluster.md

<!-- source_link=lib/cluster.js -->

Clusters of Node.js processes can be used to run multiple instances of Node.js
that can distribute workloads among their application threads. When process

> isolation is not needed, the newer [worker threads][] module can be used

Author: I wasn't sure about this. The worker docs are inconsistent in how the spell the name. How about this?

```suggestion
isolation is not needed, the newer [`worker_threads`][] module can be used
```

> isolation is not needed, the newer [worker threads][] module can be used

Reviewer: Titles use sentence case: _Worker threads_

But otherwise, in ordinary text, I think _worker threads_ is the way to go. The Microsoft guide (that we've adopted for our style) says: ["When in doubt, don't capitalize"](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/top-10-tips-style-voice#when-in-doubt-dont-capitalize)

All that said `worker_threads` is a fine way to avoid the whole question!

> isolation is not needed, the newer [worker threads][] module can be used

Reviewer: Nit: Consider dropping the word _newer_:

```suggestion
isolation is not needed, the [worker threads][] module can be used
```

> isolation is not needed, the newer [worker threads][] module can be used

Author: Thanks for the clarification @Trott! :)

> isolation is not needed, the [`worker_threads`][] module can be used instead,

Reviewer: Should we make this a stronger recommendation?:

```suggestion
isolation is not needed, use the [`worker_threads`][] module instead,
```
